- Karthik: I've been using GitHub Copilot, which I've found to be quite useful for generating boilerplate and catching simple bugs (e.g. forgetting a parenthesis). I imagine that it will be less useful going forward as MVP has been completed, and I now know how to catch these bugs myself. To ensure correctness, readability, and that the code followed fair use, I would test the code, rewrite it, and check the source respectively.
- Tanay: I have been using Codeium's Windsurf editor, mostly with Claude 3.5 Sonnet.  It generated a lot of frontend code for me, including headers, CSS styles, and fetch requests to the API backend. I feel like the best use case right now is speeding up mundane tasks like writing simple code for libraries like the Fetch API. I don't always remember the usage, so the LLM saves me the time of looking up documentation. I often did have to modify the output slightly to make the code style more readable, and sometimes the variables the model referenced were incorrect; some editing and vetting of the LLM's code was necessary.
- Irene: When creating the Scoreboard for the Final Ranking, I used Windsurf Cascade to help me format and create the page with a simple UI design.  The produced AI code was a good starting point for just simply listing out the restaurant names, their rankings, and the pictures of the individual restaurants.  This tool was extremely useful since it helped create a blank template for the scoreboard really quick so I could put in the results of the ranking tournament and saved me a lot of time (without it, I would’ve had to spend more time formatting and working on the UI design).  I can use this tool to help me in the future with UI design and creating the beginning templates for the different web pages I’ll need for the project.  Then, I can add to the code and design it how I like.  In order to make sure the AI output was correct and understandable, I read through the AI output and added comments, learning why it styled something a certain way.  I also learned the code as I had to go back and edit it to my liking
- Danny: I used AI to assist me in coding. The experience was new and convenient. AI gave me pseudo code and also code snippets to help me understand the code better and provide examples of possible approaches of my work. The different AIs i have used include ChatGPT, Copilot, and Deepseek.
- Chloe:
- Winston:
